Add loky example (#7590)
dask/dask: docs/source/scheduling.rst

   x.compute(scheduler='threads')

Each scheduler may support extra keywords specific to that scheduler. For example,
the pool-based single-machine scheduler allows you to provide custom pools or
specify the desired number of workers:

.. code-block:: python

   from concurrent.futures import ThreadPoolExecutor
   with dask.config.set(pool=ThreadPoolExecutor(4)):
       x.compute()

   with dask.config.set(num_workers=4):
       x.compute()

> The scheduler accepts any ``concurrent.futures.Executor`` instance as well as any other 
> subclass from a third party library, such as loky_. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that Dask also supports custom ``concurrent.futures.Executor`` subclasses, such as the 
reusable ``ProcessPoolExecutor`` from loky_:
```
